---
layout: post
title: I'm back
date: 2018-12-26 01:22
comments: true
categories: life
---
This Christmas, I set a **goal of writing one blog post every day in 2019**.

Why? 

I want to use writing to improve learning. Running a business means that
I always have something that's more "urgent" or "important". Learning
has been pushed down the list under the "nice but can wait till later"
category. I want to do better in 2019.

I also want to improve my communication skill. I've been mostly working
solo in the last three years. Now that I've built a team around myself,
communication becomes more important than getting things done by myself.
I'm hoping to use writing to solidify my thinking as well as documenting
the stories while they are still fresh and raw. 

Lastly, I feel I do have something to share with the world. My story is
hardly unique, but I hope that someone somewhere will find these posts
helpful, encouraging, or even inspirational.

So here we go.



PS. On the tactical side, I just replaced the old Jekyll site with this
Pelican installation. 

Jekyll seems to be going strong with GitHub's support. I just couldn't
make it work again. I was on Ruby 1.9 and now the latest is 2.5.
Packages become obsolete. `gem update` broke. 

Since I know Python better, it makes sense for me to migrate to a python
based site generator and hopefully maintaining the site will be better
in the long run.

I've also stripped the website to its bare bone. It's just a bunch of
markdown files with a minimum css. Creating a new post is as simple as 
creating a new `.md` file and publishing it is `make rsync_upload`.

