---
layout: post
title: Hello 2019
date: 2019-01-01 07:22
comments: true
categories: life
---

Waking up this morning, I felt energised. There was a strong sense of
excitement[^1] in the air. The kind I felt when I was about to embark on
a new and unknown journey. It was the same excitement when I boarded a
two-day train ride to go to a university that's 2000km away. Or when
Zephyr and I decided to leave China and spend a year travelling when I
turned 30.

I'm energised by the new leverages I have. In 2019, I will have a team
and a modest amount of capital I get to use.  I finally have the
resources to execute the plans.  It'll be so much fun to work closely
with a team again, especially when their experiences and career paths are
so diverse.  The last two years has been a slow burn.  I could see that
I had hit a plateau. I was running at full throttle, but life 
stayed in the same place. The more the business grew,
the more tasks I needed to _do_, the less concentration time I have, the
less I learned and the less productive I became. It was a
draining experience that I'm glad it's over. 

I'm energised by the product I will work on. I have been in and out the
personal photo space for 12 years now. I feel I have learned a
tremendous amount, not only on the technology side of what's possible
but also a deeper understanding of the human emotional needs photo print
products fulfil. With the rest of the business in capable hands, I will
finally have the space to explore the problem domain again and give it
my best shot. To build something I'd be proud of[^2]. 

I'm also energised by the opportunities for personal growth. I used to
spend most of my time playing with different technologies and
under-developed my social and interpersonal skills. So in 2019, I'm
looking forward to learning from the amazing people I work with.  Of
their expertise. And how they communicate. I can't wait to read a long
list of books that'll certainly broaden my horizon. And lastly, I am
looking forward to the daily meditation and blog post exercise.

So 2019, here we come.

[^1]: Yes, there was also a drop of pressure to perform, a pinch of
anxity and a small touch of fear of failure. But the excitement
surprised me as it was so vivid and so young. 
[^2]: Something that's so _insanely great_ that it would make millions
  of families' lives better.
